in this video I'll show you the
one-handed top palm this is a really
cool technique that allows you to palma
card in your hand and a few videos ago I
showed you guys the proper placement of
a cards in your palm so if you haven't
checked that out yet I'll put a link to
it and then you can come back to this
video now when it comes to getting the
card in your palm there's so many
different methods here there's top palms
bottom palms Center palms palms are done
two hands palms that are done with one
hand palms into your right hand palms
into your left hand just so many
different variations on on the same
concept this one right here is is one of
my favorites okay that the technique
itself is very well thought-out okay and
it's well it has the obvious advantage
of being able to be done with one hand
so this is definitely a good one to
learn and I'll show you how to do it so
let's break it down you're going to
start with the cards and a modified
Biddle grip okay so it's exactly like a
standard builder if except your pinky
the tip of it is going to be contacting
the top right corner of the top card of
the deck okay so something like this
now here's what you're going to do you
need to have a bit of friction between
your pinky in the top right corner so if
your finger is extremely dry you might
just want to lick it but normally you
know you'll be fine you don't need that
much because what you're going to do is
you're going to push on the top right
corner outwards and that's going to
cause this card to get angle jogged
slightly you'll need to angle target
just a little bit from here to here okay
I guess when you're starting out you
might want to angle cha get a lot more
just to get used to the technique that's
the idea so if I remove my hand here's
that position of the top card so it's
hanging out just a little bit from the
front edge of
Dec and you can see you singled away
once you have done that you're going to
readjust your pinkie a little bit you're
going to move it forward to the very
front edge of that card of the corner
and you're going to push down on it now
let me try to give you an exposed
anywhere maybe this is a good way to
show you when you push down on that
corner with your pinkie the card is
going to spring up okay now there's a
there's a tension point here because my
thumb is holding the bottom left corner
of that card so when I push with my
pinkie I'm creating a little bit of
tension there and now if I release with
my thumb a little bit if I curl it in
that crys just going to fling up and
it's going to jump it to my hand all
right now you can start off with the
thumb kind of curled in so that I never
I produces that resistance there and
that way you'll have a smoother top palm
so let me give you maybe a palm up angle
for this this is actually a good way to
practice because it makes no difference
whether your hand is like this or like
this when when doing this move obviously
in performance you would do it palm down
but for practice sake do it palm up just
to get a better idea of what's going on
so I'm pushing that top corner of the
card with my pinky just angle drawing it
just a little bit and now I push on that
corner and it's going to flank into
perfect position so now if I remove this
deck you'll notice that it is in the
proper classic palm position okay this
is an a key move it's going to take
practice but the the concept behind is
is very simple so I'm going to push
right there I'm going to allow the car
to clear my thumb well I just flipped it
feels good too I could do this move
I'm just gonna and now you know when you
first start the card might not be flamed
into the perfect position it might be
flashing right it might be sticking out
so that's just something that you know
is going to come with practice you're
going to you're going to get a better
idea of where you need to apply that
pressure in order for it to pull in the
perfect spot so you know just experiment
with that and you'll get it but that's
really the basic concept behind a move
there's not really much else I can tell
you about it but I will what I will say
is this move should be done in an
offbeat in a moment of relaxation
because from the front it is covered
right very well but there's sometimes
will be a flash there's definitely a
nose a noticeable change and tension in
your hand when doing this move okay so
try to do this when the spectators are
not looking at the pack okay so but
since it's done with one hand that's
very easy to do just gesture your left
hand boom do the move and you're done
okay it can be done when your hands are
being burned and you'll probably be okay
but it's just better if it's not done in
that moment all right that's the
one-handed top Pole if you have any
questions feel free to leave them down
below and I'll see you guys next time
right